Add info of estimating step on python SDK docs (#26)
icon-project/documentation: references/python-api-reference.md

tx_hash = icon_service.send_transaction(signed_transaction)
```

## Estimating Step

It is important to set a proper `step_limit` value in your transaction to make the submitted transaction executed successfully.

> `estimate_step` API provides a way to **estimate** the Step usage of a given transaction. Using the method, you can get an estimated Step usage before sending your transaction then make a `SignedTransaction` with the `step_limit` based on the estimation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`estimate_step` API provides a way to **estimate** the Step usage of a given transaction. Using the method, you can get an estimated Step usage before sending your transaction, then based on the estimation, decide the optimal `step_limit` in your `SignedTransaction`.
```

### Examples

```python
# Generates a raw transaction without the stepLimit
transaction = TransactionBuilder()\
    .from_(wallet.get_address())\
    .to("cx00...02")\
    .value(150000000)\
    .nid(3)\
    .nonce(100)\
    .build()
    
# Returns an estimated step value
estimate_step = icon_service.estimate_step(transaction)

# Adds some margin to the estimated step 

> estimate_step += 10000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
step_limit = estimate_step + 10000
```

# Returns the signed transaction object having a signature with the same raw transaction and the estimated step

> signed_transaction = SignedTransaction(transaction, wallet, estimate_step)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signed_transaction = SignedTransaction(transaction, wallet, step_limit)
```

# Sends the transaction
tx_hash = icon_service.send_transaction(signed_transaction)
```

Note that the estimation can be smaller or larger than the actual amount of step to be used by the transaction, so it is recommended to add some margin to the estimation when you set the `step_limit` of the `SignedTransaction`.

### estimate_step

```python
estimate_step(transaction: Transaction)
```

Returns an estimated step of how much step is necessary to allow the transaction to complete

Delegates to **debug_estimateStep** RPC method

#### Parameters

transaction : An Transaction object made by TransactionBuilder

#### Returns

Number of an estimated step

#### Error Cases

- DataTypeException : Data type is invalid.
- JSONRPCException :  JSON-RPC Response is error.

#### Example

```python
# Generates a raw transaction without the stepLimit
transaction = TransactionBuilder()\
    .from_(wallet.get_address())\
    .to("cx00...02")\
    .value(150000000)\
    .nid(3)\
    .nonce(100)\
    .build()
    
# Returns an estimated step value
estimate_step = icon_service.estimate_step(transaction)
```

> 

Reviewer: Please add a version for new APIs.

#### Since
[version]

Author: Added it as below to the doc.

> **Note**: You’ll need to have iconsdk 1.0.9 or later on your local development machine to use 'estimate_step' API.
